chore(docs): add ADR for unsafe-wallet-address support (#323)
ar-io/ar-io-network-process: docs/madr/001-address-support.md

     - Provides a clear error message for invalid addresses.
   - **Cons**:
     - Requires extensive validation logic for each address type.
     - Limits flexibility in supporting various address formats.

2. **Relaxed Address Enforcement**:

   - **Pros**:
     - Allows for more flexibility in supporting various address formats.
     - Reduces the need for extensive validation logic.
   - **Cons**:
     - May lead to invalid addresses being accepted.
     - Potential loss of funds if invalid addresses are used.

3. **Regex Validation**:

   - **Pros**:
     - Provides a flexible way to validate various address formats.
     - Allows for easy customization of validation rules.
   - **Cons**:
     - May not catch all invalid addresses.
     - Potential for user error if the regex is not correctly implemented.

4. **Client-Side Enforcement**:
   - **Pros**:
     - Allows clients to define their own validation rules.
     - Provides flexibility in supporting various address formats.
   - **Cons**:
     - Potential inconsistencies across clients if not properly implemented.
     - Increased complexity in the system if not properly managed.

## Decision Outcome

> The decision is to implement an `Allow-Unsafe-Addresses` tag, which defaults to `false`. This allows clients to choose whether they want to potentially send tokens to invalid wallets, providing flexibility while maintaining a safety net for standard address types. It also leaves from for new signature types supported by AO in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision is to implement an `Allow-Unsafe-Addresses` tag, which defaults to `false`. This allows clients to choose whether they want to potentially send tokens to invalid wallets, providing flexibility while maintaining a safety net for standard address types. It also leaves room for handling new signature types supported by AO in the future.
```
